When I went to work in the city of Bucaramanga,
that's where I worked…
I arrived there a little inexperienced
because it was the first time I had gone.
I arrived at a family's house
where there were four people.
They received me well, the first day was fine,
everything was good,
But towards the end, like halfway through,
it became more difficult because I had to prepare breakfast
for four people, but different breakfasts.
And it had to be fast. They said:
“look, this and that, and the other”
The cleaning was extensive, both downstairs and upstairs.
There was a problem... not hanging clothes, that mine
had to go somewhere else, that I couldn't hang them there.
One day, the lady lost a ring and they
blamed me for stealing it.
And the other girl turned out to be the culprit.
So I left because...
I went back home and left some clothes
there because I thought I would return.
When I arrived home, I said:  “I won't go back there anymore”.
So, what did I do? My mom had to go to Bucaramanga to bring me the clothes that I had left there.
I've never done that anymore, so I'd better go home so I won't be there and have no more problems.